The game screen will have a white background.  The graph portion will take up the entire screen except a little bar on the top that only has a restart button (small circle button with a restart icon on it), a home button (small circle button with a home icon on it), and the amount of lives the user has.  To show the amount of lives a user has, use a red heart to show a live they have and a gray heart to show a life that they don't have.  So if they have all their lives the top bar will have two red hearts on it.  If they lose 1 life the top bar will show 1 red heart and 1 gray heart.  The top bar will also have a button to show the grid.  So the bar will look like this (Home, Restart,     Lives,        Grid).  Lives go in the middle, home and restart go on the left, and the show grid button goes on the left.

I want the nodes to have a black border and I want the arrows to also be black.

Zooming in and out should not be handled by a button, but should be handled how zooming in and out works on a phone by just pressing and spreading out your fingers to zoom in or pressing and compressing your fingers to zoom out.

The scrolling should be able to move vertically and horizontally at the same time.

MODULARITY
When a level is first loaded on the game screen, then obviously the graph is created inside the model and I want a snapshot of the graph to be created inside the viewmodel.  When a node on the game screen is clicked.  I want the view to send that the node was clicked to the viewmodel (like it already does) then I want the viewmodel to then send that information to the model.  The model will then decide if that node was ok to click (if the node has an in-degree of 0 it is ok to click and if not then it is not ok).  If the node is not ok to click, the model will lose a life for the player and inform the viewmodel that the node wasn't supposed to be clicked.  The viewmodel will then inform the view that the node wasn't supposed to be clicked and the view will play the shake node animation.  If the node is ok to click, the model will remove the node from the graph and inform the viewmodel that the node was ok to click.  The viewmodel will then set that nodes state in the graph snapshot to be fading out (meaning that the node was removed, but the fade out animation is currently going).  The viewmodel will then inform the view that the node was ok to click and the view will start the fadeing animation.  When the animation is complete, then the view will tell the viewmodel, and the viewmodel will remove the node from the snapshot.